1. TEST SCOPE
  In-Scope:
	Core features and functionality as specified in the requirements.
	Cross-browser and cross-device compatibility.
	Performance, including load times and responsiveness.
	Offline capabilities utilizing service workers.
	Push notifications, background sync, and other PWA-specific functionalities.
	Integration with third-party services and APIs.
	Security aspects, such as data encryption and protection against common vulnerabilities.
	Usability and user experience.
	Accessibility for users with disabilities.
  Out-of-Scope:
	Detailed testing of third-party services or APIs (covered in integration testing).
	Testing on unsupported browsers or devices.
	In-depth security testing (covered in a separate security testing phase).


2. TEST APPROACH
  Testing Levels:
	Unit Testing on Build - Minimum 80% test coverage for individual components.
	Integration Testing on Pull Request - Full test coverage(cover all API Methods with correct data) to ensure seamless communication between modules.
	System Testing after Deploy on Dev - Full requirements coverage (RTM) - Manual & Automated end-to-end validation.
  Testing Types:
	Functional testing for features and user interactions.
	Non-functional testing for performance, security, and accessibility.
	Exploratory testing.
	Regression testing.
	Smoke testing(Post-release).
  Agile Approach:
	Continuous testing and frequent feedback loops.
	Align testing efforts with development progress - Sprint reviews/Demos.


3. TEST PROCESS
  Test process on a Jira issue level is done on DEV environment
    1. A Jira issue is taken in a Sprint (moved from Backlog to To Do column).
	2. Review the requirements(during Grooming/Refinement sessions) - Acceptance Criteria must be independently testable and have a clear PASS or FAIL.
	3. Test Case Design - add test cases in Zephyr that cover the Acceptance criteria.
		3.1. Use common sense to put respective pre-created labels - Sprint version, Regression, Automated, Smoke
		3.2. Each test case have to be asigned to respective Jira issue for traceability (RTM)
		3.3. Each test case have to be asigned to pre-created component/epic (e.g. Checkout) .
	4. Automate all test cases labeled Automated in Cypress/Playwright automated test suites.
		4.1. Put respective tags (e.g. @Regression, @Checkout) - so each component/feature tests could be executed independently. 
	5. A Jira issue is set to status QA/Test by Developer when it is implemented and deployed on Dev.
	6. Assign yourself the Jira issue with status QA/Test.
	7. Verify Jira issue description and design closely.
	8. Run all automated tests using the respective component test tags.
	9. Put respective test notes in the Jira issue as a comment, including full description for all problems, screenshots and/or steps to reproduce.
	10. Change status to In Progress/In Development when problems are found, requirements are not completed or do not match the design. 
	11. Change status to Done when requirements are completed and match the design.

  Test process on a Release level(Full regression testing) is done on DEMO environment
	1. Create Test Cycle in Zephyr. Test Cycle name equals the respective Release Version (e.g. Release-V21) 
	2. Add Description and Details Folder name that equals the respective Release Version (e.g. Release-V21) 
	3. Add all Test Cases labeled Regression
	4. Execute all test cases(Manual & Automated) in the release test cycle (Pass/Fail/Block). 
	5. Log bugs and set Severity/Component(Epic)/Label (e.g. Critical/Checkout/Zephyr-V21). 
	6. Link failed test cases to bugs (existing or new). 
	7. Link blocked test cases to Jira issues. 
	8. Hotfix – test the fix by executing all failed test cases.
	9. Change Fail test case status to Pass. 
	10. Smoke testing - complete for all components. 
	11. Deploy on RPOD
	12. Smoke testing - complete for all components.
	13. Sign off


4. TEST PLAN
  Most important features:
	Login
	Add to Cart
	Checkout
  Least Important features:
	Logout
	Hamburger menu
	Product filter


5. TEST ENVIRONMENT
  Environments:
	DEV, DEMO, PROD
  Browsers:
	Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge.
  Devices:
	Desktops, laptops, tablets, and mobile devices with various screen sizes.
  Operating Systems:
	Test on Windows, macOS, iOS, Android.
  Network Conditions:
	Test under different network speeds (3G, 4G, Wi-Fi) to assess performance and offline functionality.


6. CI/CD
  6.1. Unit & Intergration tests are run on every Build.
  6.1. Automatically automated Smoke tests after every DEV&DEMO environments deploy.
  6.2. Automated regression suite is executed every night - Github workflow automations.


7. TRACEABILITY
  Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM):
	Establish a traceability matrix linking test cases in Zephyr to the corresponding JIRA requirements.
	Ensure comprehensive coverage of all specified features and functionalities using BDD language CUCUMBER.


7. TEST TOOLS
  Automation Tools:
	Playwright or Cypress for functional testing.
	Apache JMeter or Gatling for performance testing.
	OWASP ZAP for security testing.
  Collaboration Tools:
	Jira for requirements management and collaboration.
	Zephyr for test case management and collaboration.
	Slack real-time communication.


8. RELEASE CONTROL
  Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD):
	Unit/Integration/System Testing in CI/CD pipelines for automated testing and deployment.
  Release Criteria:
	Ensure all Critical and High-Severity issues are resolved before release.
  Deployment Plan:
	All test are executed on Demo Environment
	Hotfix is prepared, deployed and retested on Demo Environment for Critical&High severity bugs.
	Include rollback and hotfix procedures in case of unforeseen issues post-release.
  User Feedback and Monitoring:
	Implement monitoring tools to collect user feedback and performance metrics post-release.
	Use analytics tools to track user behavior and identify potential issues.